Null column constraint (#14940)
crate/crate: docs/appendices/release-notes/5.6.0.rst

SQL Statements
--------------

> - Allowed explicit :ref:`NULL <null_constraint>` column "constraint", which is
>   the default for all columns anyway.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Added support for explicit :ref:`NULL <null_constraint>` column constraint
  definitions in ``CREATE TABLE`` statements.
```
